What is version control?
	Version control, also known as source control, is the practice of tracking and managing changes to software code.
Version control systems are software tools that help software teams manage changes to source code over time. 
As development environments have accelerated, version control systems help software teams work faster and smarter.
Version control software keeps track of every modification to the code in a special kind of database.
If a mistake is made, developers can turn back the clock and compare earlier versions of the code to help fix the 
mistake while minimizing disruption to all team members.

What is Git?
	the most widely used modern version control system in the world today is Git.
	Git is a mature, actively maintained open source project originally developed in 2005 by Linus Torvalds.
	Having a distributed architecture, Git is an example of a DVCS (hence Distributed Version Control System).
	Rather than have only one single place for the full version history of the software as is common in once-popular 
version control systems like CVS or Subversion (also known as SVN), in Git, every developer's working copy of the code
is also a repository that can contain the full history of all changes.
	Git has been designed with performance, security and flexibility in mind.

Performance
	The raw performance characteristics of Git are very strong when compared to many alternatives. Committing new 
changes, branching, merging and comparing past versions are all optimized for performance.

Flexibility
	One of Git's key design objectives is flexibility. Git is flexible in several respects: in support for various 
kinds of nonlinear development workflows, in its efficiency in both small and large projects and in its compatibility 
with many existing systems and protocols.
	Git has been designed to support branching and tagging as first-class citizens (unlike SVN) and operations that 
affect branches and tags (such as merging or reverting) are also stored as part of the change history. Not all 
version control systems feature this level of tracking.

Security
	Git has been designed with the integrity of managed source code as a top priority. The content of the files as 
well as the true relationships between files and directories, versions, tags and commits, all of these objects in 
the Git repository are secured with a cryptographically secure hashing algorithm called SHA1. This protects the code 
and the change history against both accidental and malicious change and ensures that the history is fully traceable.


What is GitHub ?
	GitHub is a Git repository hosting service that provides a web-based graphical interface. It is the world’s 
largest coding community.Programmers can find source codes in many different languages and use the command-line 
interface, Git, to make and keep track of any changes.GitHub helps every team member work together on a project 
from any location while facilitating collaboration. You can also review previous versions created at an earlier 
point in time.
 